# Hate-Speech-Sentiment-Analysis

This is a group project on Detecting Hate Speech with traditional Machine Learning methods and a Deep Learning Methods.<br>
Thanks for having me on the team for this group project!<br>
*<i>(This project is a part of a full project of Hate Speech Detection with Speech Recognition, but I participated on making only the NLP model for the project)</i><br><br>

Hate Speech Detection is a crucial things to develop on a social media platform to keep the users away from making a hate post to create a dispute on the platform. This problem can be solved with a Sentiment Analysis model, which nowadays are widely available as a pre-trained models, such as BERT, roBERTa, and else. Rather than using a pre-trained model, our teams are trying to develop the models with traditional AI models such as Support Vector Classifier, Naive Bayes Classifier with an additional Deep Learning model of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM). Obviously the performance on these 3 models underperformed than those pre-trained models, but our main focus is on how to preprocess the available data to be able to be trained on these models. To be frank, the data gathered by the team is mixed of hate speech dataset that was taken from Kaggle and somehow have created a very bad dataset for training. However, the performance on the model seems to be able to work fine as we tested with a given prompt text. Out of the 3 models trained, Support Vector Classifier seems to be the best among them with a 77.47% accuracy with LSTM being second with 76.3984% accuracy. Our team has no idea actually on how SVM is able to outperform LSTM in this case, but we assume that the LSTM model can't learn that well since the dataset is bad to start with. This project could've run much smoother with a better dataset and instead of using traditional methods, fine-tuning pre-trained models can make this Sentiment Analysis much better.
